Update tile_matrix_sets.md (#201)
developmentseed/titiler: docs/concepts/output_format.md

`TiTiler` supports the common output format for map tiles: JPEG, PNG and WEBP.

> While some formats (e.g PNG) are able to encode Uint16 or Float datatypes, most web browsers only supports 8 byte data (meaning that it has to be between 0 and 255).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While some formats (e.g PNG) are able to encode Uint16 or Float datatypes, most web browsers only supports 8 bit data (meaning that it has to be between 0 and 255).
```

## NumpyTile

> While `.tif` could be interesting, decoding the `GeoTIFF` format requires non-native/default libraries. Recently, in colaboration with Planet, we started exploring the use of Python [`Numpy Format`](https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/generated/numpy.lib.format.html#format-version-1-0) to encode the data array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `.tif` could be interesting, decoding the `GeoTIFF` format requires non-native/default libraries. Recently, in collaboration with Planet, we started exploring the use of a [`Numpy-native format`](https://numpy.org/devdocs/reference/generated/numpy.lib.format.html#format-version-1-0) to encode the data array.
```
